I love sixpence, pretty little sixpence, I love sixpence better than my life. I spent a penny of it, I spent another. And took fourpence home to my wife. Oh, my little fourpence, pretty little fourpence, I love fourpence better than my life. I spent a penny of it, I spent another, And I took twopence home to my wife. Oh, my little twopence, my pretty little twopence, I love twopence better than my life. I spent a penny of it, I spent another, And I took nothing home to my wife. Oh, my little nothing, my pretty little nothing, What will nothing buy for my wife. I have nothing, I spend nothing, I love nothing better than my wife.

Jingle bells, jingle bells Jingle all the way, Oh what fun it is to ride In a one-horse open sleigh, Jingle bells, jingle bells Jingle all the way, Oh what fun it is to ride In a one-horse open sleigh. Dashing through the snow In a one-horse open sleigh Through the fields we go Laughing all the way. Bells on bob-tail ring Making spirits bright What fun it is to ride and sing A sleighing song tonight. Jingle bells, jing jingle bells Jingle all the way, Oh what fun it is to ride In a one horse open sleigh, brruup Jingle bells, jingle bells Jingle all the way, Oh what fun it is to ride In a one-horse open sleigh. Dashing through the snow In a one-horse open sleigh Through the fields we go Laughing all the way. Bells on bob-tail ring Making spirits bright What fun…

Itsy bitsy spider went up the water spout. Down came the rain And washed the spider out. Out came the sun and dried up all the rain. And the itsy bitsy spider went up the spout again. The teeny tiny spider went up the water spout. Down came the rain And washed the spider out. Out came the sun and dried up all the rain. And the teeny tiny spider went up the spout again. The big humongous spider went up the water spout. Down came the rain And washed the spider out. Out came the sun and dried up all the rain. And the big humongous spider went up the spout again. Itsy bitsy spider went up the water spout Down came the rain And washed… 

There are many people living in world having different personalities. This is the personality which makes everyone unique and different from others. We can never see two people of exactly same personality. It never changes and decided the quality of a person. I am taking the example of me. I am so special in this world and have unique personality than others. I am very responsible and sympathetic person. I always help others and try my best to solve their problems. I am self-centred woman have not have any enemy in this world. I always talk to others very happily with smiling face. I am a very simple student in my school and attend each class. I do my homework very well on daily basis and study well every day in the night till 10 pm and in the morning from 4 am. I always pay attention to my study and motivate my friends as well to focus on their study.

My name is Mary Jane. I am ten years old. I live in Chicago. My family consists of my father, my mother, my younger brother and myself. I have long brown hair. I love to play with my dolls, listen to music and read fairy tales. I have many friends in school with whom I play during my lunch break. My class teacher is very nice and polite. She helps me to understand and learn my lessons easily. My father is a policeman. He works very hard from morning till night. My mother is a teacher. They both love me a lot. My brother is still too young to go to school. He stays with the nanny till my mother comes back home. Being the baby of the family, he is everyone’s favorite. My father takes us to the amusement park whenever he gets time off from his work. Every Sunday my mother cooks a tasty lunch and we all set to eat it together. I thank God for giving me a loving family and a wonderful life.

Hush, little baby, don’t say a word, Papa’s gonna buy you a mockingbird. And if that mockingbird don’t sing, Papa’s gonna buy you a diamond ring. And if that diamond ring turn brass, Papa’s gonna buy you a looking glass. And if that looking glass gets broke, Papa’s gonna buy you a billy goat. And if that billy goat don’t pull, Papa’s gonna buy you a cart and bull. And if that cart and bull turn over, Papa’s gonna buy you a dog named Rover. And if that dog named Rover won’t bark. Papa’s gonna to buy you and horse and cart. And if that horse and cart fall down, Well you’ll still be the sweetest little baby in town.

Five little monkeys jumping on the bed, One fell off and bumped his head. Mama called the Doctor and the Doctor said, 'No more monkeys jumping on the bed!' Four little monkeys jumping on the bed, One fell off and bumped her head. Papa called the Doctor and the Doctor said,
'No more monkeys jumping on the bed!' Three little monkeys jumping on the bed, One fell off and bumped his head. Mama called the Doctor and the Doctor said, 'No more monkeys jumping on the bed!' Two little monkeys jumping on the bed, One fell off and bumped her head. Papa called the Doctor and the Doctor said, 'No more monkeys jumping on the bed!' One little monkey jumping on the bed, He fell off and bumped his head. Mama called the Doctor and the Doctor said, 'Put those monkeys straight to bed!'

Mary had a little lamb, Little lamb, little lamb. Mary had a little lamb, Its fleece was white as snow. And ev’ry where that Mary went,
Mary went, Mary went. Evrywhere that Mary went, The lamb was sure to go. It followed her to school one day, School one day, school one day.
It followed her to school one day, Which was against the rule. It made the children laugh and play, Laugh and play, laugh and play. It made the children laugh and play, To see a lamb at school. So the teacher turned him out, turned him out, turned him out. So the teacher turned him out, And sent him straight away.